- [[Abhilash]]
	- We got [[Al Shirawi]] sponsorthip
		- Today I am gonna create contract for Al Shirawi
		- Al Shirawi Equipment Co, a PS station where I and shobal currently do PS has agreed to sponsor us amount of ==5k, Bronze Tier==.
		- This happened due to collective efforts from [[Shobal]]
		- Like how we had the discussion on the Saturday we met. I would ask the others in this group as well to approach their PS stations to help us in sponsorship
	- And later on I will let you know a major change we have to make in brochure after what happened with Al Shirawi, because we have to improvise now
	- I have forwarded the email to our BMS email, the email that Al Shirawi sent me after I finished discussing with them today
	- collapsed:: true
	  > How come we got now?
	  > ~ Thahir
		- ((62422670-0783-4560-9728-442899c7bde8))
		- First the marketing team here said this.
		- I sent an email to Mr Ram Srivastav whose date and details can be seen in the trailing email which was forwarded yesterday from my company email.
		- Shobal happened to meet the company president as the president resides most of his work time in Al Quoz branch of Al Shirawi.
		- I met the president yesterday when he came to my branch during rounds, he asked me about the project and its progress and asked me to send him a reminder email, whose trailing email can be found on ith the one I forwarded yesterday.
		- He forwarded my email to concerned departments and finally the HR asked me to drop by for the decision they took
		- I asked him to send it as an email so that our whole team can take a look as well.
	- Also note I have made the contract and sent to the HR for corrections needed if any.
	- They signed it and send it to me, I forwarded it to Priyank sir to get seal from university and his signature
	- The seal is quite important as its a PS company and then only will they approve the money transfer
	- You can check the trailing email in BMS email