- [[Grundfos]] sponsorship failed
	- [[Sanjay]] arranged for the sponsorship meeting
	- [[Sanjay]], [[Shobal]], [[Marshal]], [[Abhilash]]
	- but it failed
	  because company's policy does not allow sponsorships for combustion engines
- [[Sanjay]] manufactured bearing holder for wheel base
	- College
	- material aluminium
	- Lathe
- engine dimensions
	- [[Sanjay]] designed on paper
	- [[Adhav]] recreated on SolidWorks
- [[Abhilash]]
	- Contacted Pirelli, MG Motors & Schaffler.
	- Pirelli marketing head Peter Burgur called me and said Pirelli isn't allowed to support any other teams because they have a contract signed with F1 and the cause won't allow them to do so.
	- I am awaiting reply from MG as email was sent to their marketing lead.
	- Schaffler's full marketing team was dissolved by the company not long ago, hence they have no idea what to do about our sponsorship and marketing proposal, they gave us an email to send the proposal and see what happens.
	- Adding on to the same day, had a meeting with [[Grundfos]], conducted online via teams, [[Mrinal]], [[Shobal]] , [[Sanjay]] & I joined. We explained the project and the benefits company can get but the company policy to promote sustainability doesn't allow them to support our project which uses combustion engines, as most of their company vehicles are now hybrids or electric. The meeting was with Board member & Regional Marketing manager Hasan Avci.
	- Peugeot-Naboodah, Mr Varun has asked us to give him more time on a decision.